added a file about how to search and delete resources in the ts (#397)
EMMC-ASBL/tripper: docs/datadoc/fetching-resources-from-a-triplestore.md

Working with already documented resources
=========================================

The [tripper.datadoc] module also includes functionality for easy searching of the documented reseources.

For these examples there must be a triplestore instance available, poplated with some data.
```python
>>> from tripper import Triplestore
>>> from tripper.datadoc import save_datadoc
>>> ts = Triplestore(backend="rdflib")
>>> save_datadoc(ts,"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EMMC-ASBL/tripper/refs/heads/master/tests/input/semdata.yaml") # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
{'@graph': [...], ...}

```

Searching the knowledge base
----------------------------

### Get all IRIs of all datasets in the kb

```python
>>> from tripper.datadoc import search
>>> search(ts) # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

```

This will return a list of all datasets in the knowledge base.

### Search with filtering criteria

> Before adding specific filtering criteria it is importa to bind prefixes to the triplestore instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before adding specific filtering criteria it is important to bind prefixes to the triplestore instance:
```

> Before adding specific filtering criteria it is importa to bind prefixes to the triplestore instance:
> 
> ```python
> >>> DCAT = ts.bind("dcat", "http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#")
> >>> DCTERMS = ts.bind("dcterms", "http://purl.org/dc/terms/")  

Reviewer: The intention is that you should not need to bind standard prefixes defined in the keywords file. Have you tested to rerun the examples without these bindings? If it works as intended, we should change this sentence to something like

```suggestion
Before adding specific filtering criteria it is important to bind non-standard prefixes to corresponding namespaces (standard prefixes defined in the keywords file, like dcterms, dcat, etc does not need to be defined again):

```python
>>> DATA = ts.bind("data", "http://example.com/data#")
>>> MAT = ts.bind("mat", "http://example.com/materials#")

```

```

It is possible to search for instances of type `dcat:Dataset` in two ways:

```python
>>> search(ts, type="Dataset")  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

>>> search(ts, type="dcat:Dataset")  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

```
The first shortened version is only possible for [predefined keywords] that are specifically added in tripper.
The binding of the `dcat` namespace is required first for both cases.

> Note that full iris (e.g. `http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#Dataset`) cannot be used currently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that full iris (e.g. `http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#Dataset`) is currently not supported.
```

> You can then search for documented resources of other types or include more than one type in the search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also search for documented resources of other types or include more than one type in the search.
```

```python
>>> SEM = ts.bind("sem", "https://w3id.com/emmo/domain/sem/0.1#")
>>> search(ts, type="sem:SEMImage")  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

>>> search(ts, type=["sem:SEMImage", "dcat:Dataset"])  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

```

It is also possible to filter through other criteria:
```python
>>> search(ts, criteria={"creator.name": "Sigurd Wenner"})  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

>>> search(ts, criteria={"creator.name": ["Sigurd Wenner", "Named Lab Assistant"]})  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

>>> KB = ts.bind('kb', 'http://example.com/kb/' )
>>> search(ts, criteria={"@id": KB.image1}) # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
[...]

```

Note that here the object created when binding the `kb` prefixs is a tripper.namespace.Namespace, and can be used directly as the second example above.

Fetching metadata and data
--------------------------

> The `acquire`function can be used to fetch metadata from the triplestore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `acquire` function can be used to fetch metadata from the triplestore.
```

```python
>>> from tripper.datadoc import acquire
>>> acquire(ts, 'https://he-matchmaker.eu/data/sem/SEM_cement_batch2/77600-23-001/77600-23-001_5kV_400x_m001')  # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
{'@id': 'https://he-matchmaker.eu/data/sem/SEM_cement_batch2/77600-23-001/77600-23-001_5kV_400x_m001', ...}

```

Similarly the load function can be used to fetch the data using the information about the dowload URL in the metadata.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe an example of how to use `load()` can be added here...

```python
>>> ts.bind("dcat", "http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#")
>>> ts.bind("dcterms", "http://purl.org/dc/terms/")  
```

It is possible to search for instances of type `dcat:Dataset` in two ways:

```python
>>> search(ts, type="Dataset")
>>> search(ts, type="dcat:Dataset")
```
The first shortened version is only possible for keywords that are specifically added in tripper. A list of these can be found here [TODO]. Also, the binding of the `dcat` namespace is required first for both cases.

Note that full iris (e.g. `http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#Dataset`) cannot be used currently.

You can then search for documented resources of other types or include more than one type in the search.
```python
>>> ts.bind("sem", "https://w3id.com/emmo/domain/sem/0.1#")
>>> search(ts, type="sem:SEMImage")
>>> search(ts, type=["sem:SEMImage", "dcat:Dataset"])
```

It is also possible to filter through other criteria:
```python
>>> search(ts, criteria={"creator.name": "Sigurd Wenner"})
>>> search(ts, criteria={"creator.name": ["Sigurd Wenner", "Named Lab Assistant"]})
>>> KB = ts.bind('kb', 'http://example.com/kb/')

> >>> search(ts, criteria={"@id": KB.image1}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> search(ts, criteria={"@id": KB.image1})
```
